.TH SCOLORPICKER 1 v2.1.1 scolorpicker
.SH NAME
scolorpicker \- smooll's Color Picker
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B scolorpicker
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B scolorpicker
is a tool used to display the color value of any one chosen pixel currently on the display.
.PP
When ran, it takes a screenshot and displays it in a window from which a user can select any pixel and receive its
color value in a selected format to either the terminal or the clipboard.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display a help message outlining the usage and options as well as format and output choices.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Display a message showing the version of scolorpicker and other information.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-format " " \fIFORMAT\fR
Output the color value in one of the available formats.
.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-output " " \fIOUTPUT\fR
Send the color value to one of the available outputs.
.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-language " " \fILANGUAGE\fR
Set the language text is displayed in.
.SH FORMAT
.TP
.BR hex
Hexadecimal (e.g. #FF0000)
\fBThis is the default.\fR
.TP
.BR lhex
Lowercase hexadecimal (e.g. #ff0000)
.TP
.BR rgb
Red Green Blue (e.g. rgb(255, 0, 0))
.TP
.BR hsl
Hue Saturation Lightness (e.g. hsl(0, 100, 50))
.TP
.BR hsv
Hue Saturation Value (e.g. hsv(0, 100, 100))
.TP
.BR all
All formats separated by newlines.
.SH OUTPUT
.TP
.BR terminal
Prints selected color value in the terminal.
\fBThis is the default.\fR
.TP
.BR clipboard
Copies selected color value to clipboard.
.SH LANGUAGE
.TP
.BR en
English
\fBThis is the default.\fR
.TP
.BR pl
Polish
.SH BUGS
Before reporting any bugs, please check if it hasn't been already reported at
\fIhttps://github.com/smooll-d/scolorpicker/issues\fR. If not, you can create an issue and report it there.
.PP
Any critical bugs should be reported to \fIjakubskowron676@gmail.com\fR.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2023-2025, Jakub Skowron.
